9-B,C
3-B
2-C
5-C
11- Activation functions are really important for a Artificial Neural Network to learn and make sense of something really complicated and Non-linear complex functional mappings between the inputs and response variable.They introduce non-linear properties. Their main purpose is to convert a input signal of a node in a A-NN to an output signal.

If we do not apply a Activation function then the output signal would simply be a simple linear function.A linear function is just a polynomial of one degree. a linear equation is easy to solve but they are limited in their complexity and have less power to learn complex functional mappings from data. A Neural Network without Activation function would simply be a Linear regression Model, which has limited power and does not perform good most of the times.

12-Forward propagation (or forward pass) refers to the calculation and storage of intermediate variables (including outputs) for a neural network in order from the input layer to the output layer. We now work step-by-step through the mechanics of a neural network with one hidden layer.

13-Gradient descent- It is a first-order iterative optimization algorithm for finding the minimum of a function.
Batch Gradient Descent-
In Batch Gradient Descent, all the training data is taken into consideration to take a single step. We take the average of the gradients of all the training examples and then use that mean gradient to update our parameters. So that’s just one step of gradient descent in one epoch.

Mini Batch Gradient Descent-Batch Gradient Descent can be used for smoother curves. SGD can be used when the dataset is large. Batch Gradient Descent converges directly to minima. SGD converges faster for larger datasets. But, since in SGD we use only one example at a time, we cannot implement the vectorized implementation on it. This can slow down the computations. To tackle this problem, a mixture of Batch Gradient Descent and SGD is used.
15-Transfer learning (TL) is a research problem in machine learning (ML) that focuses on storing knowledge gained while solving one problem and applying it to a different but related problem.[1] For example, knowledge gained while learning to recognize cars could apply when trying to recognize trucks. This area of research bears some relation to the long history of psychological literature on transfer of learning, although formal ties between the two fields are limited.